meditate more stay away from James gage
ok my advice number one don't take well
mom too seriously he's not as scary as
he looks number two be best friends with
dr. Everett cuz he's possibly the best
person you will ever meet and number
three freshmen pick up your trash it's
not that hard all right if there's one
piece of advice I could give its to like
branch out to other people and not keep
the same friend group for all throughout
high school I mean you stay with like
that group of friends but make sure you
meet new people because like I said your
heart what I learned that there's a lot
of lot of people who have some pretty
cool things to offer and like even kids
from like younger grades or older grades
just don't don't be so like exclusive I
would have to say get to know your
classmates and your teachers because
there are some pretty interesting people
on campus here I'd advise you to explore
the different opportunities here at
Sacred Heart such as the fine arts
program I found the dance program but I
think it's a phenomenal program and
correlation is an amazing person and if
you're interested in the exchange
program we're hosting a student I'd
really recommend it and dream big one
thing mr. Holly me my second semester
senior year that i wish i had known
freshman year I throughout sacred heart
was to literally take everything you can
how to make a heart we have
opportunities here that you don't have
anywhere else and I wish that I'd gone
on
merging trips or that I tried tutoring
so just really take everything you
choose find a great group of friends
early but don't be exclusive because you
don't know if you're missing out on
don't stay up past 10 doing homework
seriously if it's late go to bed so I
don't mean to be the hundredth person to
tell you this but you should really take
advantage of every opportunity to take
your part because high school goes by so
complicated scenario be graduating I
know there's so much going on but it's
all fantastic so every email every non
synod assembly everything in the bullpen
your answer is yes you sign up you do it
everything is amazing and you'll regret
not doing it gives SHP is deciding
obvious way honored get to know as many
people in your grade as possible because
you'll be pleasantly surprised and make
the most of the Arts Department
procrastination where are you tomorrow
so you have fun today yeah I don't do
that don't take yourself too seriously
but take a great seriously he's scared
of to be have fun but remember to always
be individual you wanna be you are a
special person alright so we have some
helpful tips for all you struggling
under classes what chocolate pretzels
your best friend eat them always to
third floor mains candy stash if you
haven't already found it you should go
and just third like a more serious tip I
rented a car you honestly amazing
try and get to know as many people as
you can it'll be worth your while
there's a lot of love so take part in it
so one of us one piece of advice that I
have is to not afraid to be extremely
spirited at all times don't be afraid to
be a lot of fun cheering at sporting
events or the
he's one dressed into their weakness no
bigger gun and my piece of advice would
be a take advantage of all by the people
here because there are a lot of like
really good people whether it's like
faculty or like classmates or
underclassmen upperclassmen I don't know
we said a lot of good people so like
don't be afraid to get to know them on a
more personal level even if they aren't
faculty because the teachers are going
to like be your friend too it's okay to
have your own ideas don't be just like
everyone else being yourself is way more
satisfying hey everybody so my one piece
of advice for all of you is to make sure
to do some extracurricular activities
while you're here they're a great way to
meet everyone else on campus and get to
find something that you're passionate
about other than academics so go out
there meet new people and have some fun
while you're doing it don't let other
people define who you are and what you
want to be there York it's your life you
should be other one make those choices
my advice to lower classmen would be to
get to know all the different people in
your grade before you know if we
graduate enjoy your time here it goes by
fast one day it's freshman year the next
day it's your senior year they weren't
kidding when they said these four years
will go by quickly our piece of advice
is you know you should hydrate and bring
your water bottle every day my advice is
to not do something just because your
friends are doing it just do things that
you like to do enough that you think
everyone else should do my advice to you
is to go off campus as much as you can
during lunch this may sound weird but
when you're writing an essay writing
about something you actually like we all
have to write about books and stuff but
right about like an image you really
liked or a theme or
thing because it will just make the
essay so much better and more enjoyable
and they'll go by so much faster just
have fun every day live life to the max
and just really enjoy your surroundings
at Sacred Heart yeah you're only here
for four years so pretty much is yellow
my advice underclassmen is to take the
time to know your teachers because each
and every SHP faculty member is unique
in their own way also no matter what
carnival says these stories are about
himself take advantage of your years
here because they go by really really
fast don't worry about winning spirit
week just focus on class bonding I
highly recommend you all go on kairos is
one of my all-time favorite Sacred Heart
experiences you get to do so many
amazing things some of the things you
know for example you get
you